replace sklearn by numpy in sdba.measures (#1051)
Ouranosinc/xclim: HISTORY.rst

0.36.0 (unreleased)
-------------------
Contributors to this version: Pascal Bourgault (:user:`aulemahal`), Juliette Lavoie (:user:`juliettelavoie`).

Bug fixes
^^^^^^^^^
* Invoking ``lazy_indexing`` twice in row (or more) using the same indexes (using dask) is now fixed. (:issue:`1048`, :pull:`1049`).

New features and enhancements
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> * `xclim.sdba.measures.rmse` and `xclim.sdba.measures.mae` now use numpy instead of sklearn. This is improves performances when using dask.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `xclim.sdba.measures.rmse` and ``xclim.sdba.measures.mae`` now uses `numpy` instead of sklearn. This improves performance when using `dask`. (:pull:`1051`).
```

Reviewer: (Sorry for the multiple edits, I didn't see at first that there were two functions mentioned)
